human-legible CAIP-350 text identifiers for chains and addresses (#35)
openintentsframework/oif-specs: docs/references.md

Below is a curated list of external APIs and docs that are relevant to OIF's quote and intent standards. These are for inspiration and comparison; they are not normative for OIF.

## Chain and Address Standards

- CAIP-2 — Chain ID Specification: `https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/main/CAIPs/caip-2.md`
  - Focus: blockchain-agnostic chain identifier format
  - Relevance: OIF uses CAIP-2 for the `chain` field in addresses (e.g., `eip155:1`)

- CAIP-10 — Account ID Specification: `https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/main/CAIPs/caip-10.md`
  - Focus: blockchain-agnostic account identifier format
  - Relevance: combines chain and address into a single identifier string

- CAIP-350 — Text Identifiers for Chain-Specific Addresses: `https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/main/CAIPs/caip-350.md`

>   - Focus: text representation of chain-specific addresses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Focus: specifying deterministic and unambiguous conversions between text and binary formats for Addresses and Chain References across different blockchain ecosystems
```

>   - Relevance: OIF API uses CAIP-350 format for all addresses (ChainAddress type)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Relevance: OIF API uses CAIP-350's text representations for chain identifiers and addresses to identify tokens and accounts on specific chains
```

- ERC-7930 — Interoperable Addresses: `https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-7930`
  - Focus: compact binary chain-specific address format

>   - Note: Used by oif-contracts for on-chain representation; solvers handle conversion from CAIP-350 text format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Note: Used by oif-contracts for on-chain representation; solvers handle conversion between this binary format and the corresponding text representation
```
